[Teams] Device settings (#1919)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/cloudflare-one/src/content/connections/connect-devices/warp/deployment/manual-deployment.md

---
order: 0
pcx-content-type: how-to
---

# Manual deployment

If you plan to direct your users to manually download and configure the WARP client, users will need to connect the client to your organization's Cloudflare for Teams instance.

## On desktop

End users will need to log in to Cloudflare for Teams by following these instructions:

1. Click on the Cloudflare Logo in the Menu Bar.
1. Select the gear icon.
1. Navigate to **Preferences > Account**.
1. Click **Login with Cloudflare for Teams**.
1. Enter your [team name](/glossary#team-name).
1. Complete the authentication steps required by your organization.

## On mobile devices

> End users will need to login to Cloudflare for Teams by following these instructions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
End users will need to log in to Cloudflare for Teams by following these instructions:
```

> 1. Find the 1.1.1.1 application and tap to launch.

Reviewer: Nit: "and tap to launch" sounds strange, at least to me. Maybe "and tap to launch it"?

1. Tap the menu bar icon.

> 1. Tap Account.

Reviewer: Account in bold, perhaps?
